ToDo:
	High Priority
		Integrate a version of HD testing.
			Make options section.
				add option to set what gets focused on load. Option between asset number, ebay auction, and notes.
				Mandate checking if setting. Has to have correct specs/tests.
				Print sticker.
				Move no alert to this section.
			Add extra set options.
				Have error for setting specs and tests. Has been setup. 
					Need to figure out how to stop after the error has happened.
				CPU (Rewrite brads code here)
				Product
		Split general and AssetCheck into more managable files. (PO for general).
		Better error messages. Include what was expected and what was found.

	Medium Priority
		Fix the way child assets are added.
		Should remove added assets after being added to SO.
		Removing asset from SO doesn't seem to work.
		
	Low Priority
		Make returns not change page. Add response to page, and remove in the same way so does.
		If number is product, just do that product.
		Consider a way of auto setting check settings.
		
	Back burner
		Create Ultimate transfer.
		Improved Location Page. (Basically boxing)		
		Check on location transfer. No asset should have more than 4 digits. 	
		Add by SN to Return. 
		Consider making a laptop guesser. Could use AI
		Have ability to turn off features.

		
Features
	Miscellaneous Usability
		For POs, SOs, Returns, and Edit Assets, 
			If there was only one result for the search, it is selected automatically. 
			Allows submitting information with the enter key rather than clicking the button 
			When enter is pressed (or an item is scanned) in the location field, focus is moved to the list field. (Not applicable for Edit Assets).
		Deleting an asset from a SO is reflected immediately. 
		Gives visual feedback for when page is loading
		Short report includes a count by item description. 
		Printing automatically pops up the print window, includes a way for the AutoHotKey program to tie in, and closes after printing.
		Has option to immediately add scanned assets to a SO. 
		When managing a location and only one comes up in the search, it is selected automatically.

	POs
		Allows better flow for adding product to a PO
			Selecting a product moves focus to SN. 
			Pressing enter (Or scanning) while in the SN field moves the focus to the Location field.
			When adding a line to a PO
				Prints tag
				Selects asset
				Focus external asset number.
			Save automatically locks the condition and focuses the product field. 	
		Checks EAN both for correctness and existence. 
			
	Returns
		More normal transfer boxes
		Clicking on the X removes item and reloads return order
		Unsets condition after return. (Option to turn off)
		Because you can't add a product to a return, I removed the add product to return field.
				
	Improved Edit Asset Page
		Lets you inspect and change assets without having to do the 4 clicks needed in the Edit Asset section.
		Can automatically set asset specs or tests.
		Can automatically transfer checked assets to a location.
		Alerts when an asset does not meet the check criteria. 
		Searches by both asset id and sn.
	
	Short Report
		Gives a count for each product. 
			The same product with different conditions gets put into seperate counts.
	
	Behind The Scenes 
		Auto Updates
		Alerts me when Brad changes function calls.
		Has specific calls for the AutoHotKey program(barcodes) to tie into. 
		Removed the backspace as a shortcut for the back button. It stops AutoHotKey from changing pages. 
		